The body of the teachings. And that has, again, the fourth piece is the place of the homage.
Homage is what? Homage. And that is in English. It is translated.
"To the supreme, presiding, master of all Buddhas, families, all the families, and mandalas,
and to the Sugata, Sugata Garva, I bow with undivided pay." So that is the place of homage.
So now we go to these meanings. This place is a very traditional in Buddhism. Buddhism.
And every one of those great masters, when they write or compose teachings, always they give praise
.
Because the one in the teaching said, "What does that mean? Why do they do that?" Because they are
honoring to the source of these teachings.
These are the lineage teachings. Everyone is relieved, goes to the lineage, comes from Buddha.
Buddha Shakyamuni, who came 600 years ago. So therefore, one way or the other, or any different
maybe poems,
but they always praise to the lineage, to the Buddhas. Or Buddha Dharma Sangha.
And that also, according to the teaching, that tells that the writers or the who were given
teaching is also very humble
and also lined up to the lineage. And also, in that, indicating that the writer or the teacher is
always going to keep the lineage teaching authentic.
So therefore, that teaching is not quite authentic. And by doing that, also in the teaching said,
it will accommodate the manliness.
And according to the Buddha's teaching, in order to get enlightenment, in order to discover our
Buddha nature, our own Buddha nature,
nature, from the midst of the duality, we need power of the merit.
Those merits are called verse to merit and accumulation merit, as you all know.
So by doing this praise, we will accommodate the manliness. Verse to merit, accumulation merit.
Also, by that, according to the teaching, it will also remove the obstacles, at least remove the
obstacle to compose that teaching,
if they write something. And it will also bring the fulfillment, and also it will establish the
foundation of it going to benefit others.
Because in Buddhism, when they write something, according to the teaching, everything is best upon
the completion,
to benefit to the oils, or to benefit one's own self, own self, self, to benefit one's own self, to
benefit the other's own self.
So therefore, it will create all those kind of clay passage, pathway, to follow all those goals,
and to the praise.
But this time, praise is to who? You say it as you see it.
Datta naga dangaro, or what?
Shunga dangaro, shunga dangaro, that is what praise is.
And so here, what is it? If you think carefully, think about it, and say that the Supreme Presiding
Master of all the family and mandala,
who is that?
He is not really praising particularly Buddha Shakyamuni's names, but Shunga dangaro.
Shunga dangaro is Supreme Lord of the families, and as well as all the mandalas.
That is what is praising. So who is that Shunga dangaro?
And of course, Shunga dangaro can be as good as some of the others, or the absolute dharmakaya
state of the Buddha Shakyamuni's.
But what is Shunga dangaro? Of course, you all know.
Many of you, we all know of it. I know a little bit, you know a little bit, maybe, or you know more
.
No kidding. I'm not saying this is really coming. Yo, nothing.
But I'm going to, anyway, if you know more, I'm going to tell a little bit about this.
Shunga dangaro is the nature of our mind.
And this Shunga dangaro is, in Tibet, what is the name?
Shunga dangaro, exactly that translated into Tibet by each of those great oscillators.
Shunga dangaro, they were here.
Shunga dangaro means what?
Shunga dangaro means beautiful.
Shunga dangaro means gone.
And Shunga dangaro means essence.
So essence of the beautiful gone, in a way.
That, what is that? Shunga dangaro is our nature.
Shunga dangaro means perfect, perfect.
Shunga dangaro is gone.
Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, and
Buddha's way.
But that Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga d
angaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dang
aro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, Shunga dangaro, and Buddha's way.
That is Shungata, and that Garbha means what? Essence.
So that is essence of our nature will go beautifully.
And we really follow with these directions of every accord with that.
That is the meaning, world meaning of the Shungata Garbha.
Then it has different meaning. I mean sin one, so many sin one means.
This is the really hard essence according to Mahayana, Shuttar Mahayana.
According to Mahayana, this is the hard essence of the Buddha teachings.
Buddha teachings.
It has a name, known as also Dattanga dangarbha.
They have been here for a young boy a little bit.
Same thing, Dattanga dangarbha, Shunga dangarbha.
And also it has a name, Dharmadhatu.
This is the Hindu name of Dharmadhatu.
Also it has a name such as Dharmakaya.
All this also has a known name as the original nature of the mind, nyumasi.
All it has a name in the Dzogki teachings.
The teacher always said, "Southbound Muslims" or "Southbound Everness".
And then sometimes also it has a name, or not sometimes it says no name.
It has both of each other.
This has so many names, even it has so many names, but it refers to the same thing.
Same thing to our own nature.
And of course you all know that, why I am saying our own nature.
According to the British teacher, Buddha Shakyamuni, we all inherited this nature.
No one is out of this nature, ever as long as there are 17 beings.
17 beings, or living beings.
Every living beings, regardless of whatever karmic situation they are going through,
but no one is out of this nature.
To every living being, from the hill rims to the god's rims,
everyone has same nature, same qualities.
It's not just same nature, it's one nature.
Each of us has unique their own natures.
Each of us, as a master seed, has oil.
It's not just one oil, everyone's.
Each of seed has oil.
Same way, each of us living beings inherited the enlightenment, the promising nature.
The potential is exactly right with us.
This nature is in a teaching seed, it's never diluted in samsara,
or never devaluted where we are going through many different situations, karmas,
never changed, never devaluted, not become bad.
And when we are going to get enlightenment, it's not going to improve anything.
It's always, and for that reason, and what in the great city of Buddha said,
this tatagata garbai is old and natural, always it's like that.
Nothing really changed.
So this is the nature that we all inhale.
And this is then, as I said, in Mahayana teaching, Mahayana teaching is taught
so clearly by gracious teacher, Buddha Shatamundi.
In the teaching, great master Mahamrammaji,
he said that great teachings of Mahayana teachings are known as two teachings,
first, second training well of dharma, and third training well of dharma.
Second training well of dharma is teaching mainly on the Pandya Paramata.
Pandya Paramata teaching is what you all know.
The teachings from the poem, the poem I will get all the way to enlightenment state is emptiness.
So that means Buddha teach is, everything is emptiness.
From the poem, that means from poem aggregates,
feeling aggregates, perceptual aggregates,
conceptual aggregates, consciousness aggregates,
and all the path and all the movement enlightenment is emptiness state.
And what about this tathanga dharma, what Buddha taught?
That great master Mahamrammaji said, this tathanga dharma, this nature,
tathanga dharma or the sun gatang dharma has naturally college of the emptiness.
Therefore in the Dzogki teaching said, nature is emptiness.
And I mean, is it, is it more in the Tibetan world?
I'm sure many of you know Tibetan.
More than what?
Natural is empty.
Rambi is sour.
Again, Rambi is display.
Maybe I talk about display. Display is clarity.
And the tukki koncha, the energy is pervasive, all pervasive.
That is what tathanga dharma is.
Nature is emptiness.
And energy maybe, I talk about energy.
Energy is clarity.
And then, and union is pervasive.
I'm talking about it, but in the Tibetan world,
Mowatungpa, Rambi is sour, tukki koncha.
You, many of you know that.
That is what it is.
So great master Mahamrammaji taught, and as well as Mungkimpa said,
in the Pandya Paramata teaching, Buddha explored,
explained, explored the emptiness aspect of this tathanga dharma.
Athanga dharma in this way.
Buddha explained, "So why?"
Because this emptiness teaching is directly antidote
of the grasping, clinging.